Alvaro O        Last updated: 10/10/23
 
Datagen Article: 

•	Rendering is the process of creating an image from a 3D model.	
o	3 types of rendering: 1.Rasterization 2.Ray Casting 3. Ray tracing
	1.Rasterizaiton: projects based on info on the model, no optical effects
	2.Ray Casting: Calculates image from a specific point of view
	3.Ray Tracing: uses Monte Carlo(repeated random sampling algo.) to achieve a realistic image in short time. Used in NVIDIA GPUs.
•	Volume Rendering: create a 2D projection of a 3D dataset. The opposite of what we want to do. It converts RGBa to RGB. Voxel is for 3d images, and converts it to pixel
•	View Synthesis: Opposite of Volume Rendering.
Nerf uses input 	views to optimize a scene function.




What is Nerf?
A static scene is a 5d Vector valued function : which is defined for any continuous 5d coordinate,  that outputs ray(radiance)
 which has orientation with starting point. We also have a density at each point which measures how much radiance passes through
  the ray(measuring the radiance). This creates a neural radiance field.  We parameterize this scene representation as a fully
   connected deep network takes each point. The MLP regresses the 5d point to an RGB color. The fully deep connected network 
   doesn’t have layers so would be considered an MLP (multi layer perceptron). We can then use the values along a camera array 
   to render(create) any pixel. So we can make the scene representation better by minimizing the error of rendering all camera 
   rates from  collection of RGB image(all 2D images are RGB). Comparisons: We first show comparisons to top perfoming methods on
    synthetic data. Scene representation networks implicitly represent a scene using a fully connected neural network, because some
     runs have issues of Multiview consistency and are unable to represent high frequency details. Local light field fusion uses a
      pretrained network to promote each input view to a high resolution 3d volume. Inconsistencies between adjacent volumes causes
       flickering artifacts.

What is synthetic data? Synthetic data is any information manufactured artificially which does not represent events or objects
 in the real world. Algorithms create synthetic data used in model datasets for testing or training purposes.[In other words 
 fake artifacts, created by algorithms. It makes the data more robust, features that a real dataset doesn’t add]

 WHat is TensorRF?
 
 What is Gaussian Splatting?
